the BAFTA goes to like in Phoenix
[Applause]
[Music]
I feel very honored and privileged to be
here tonight Baptists have always been
very supportive of my career and I'm
deeply appreciative but I have to say
that I also feel conflicted because so
many of my fellow actors that are
deserving don't have that same privilege
I think that we send a very clear
message to people of color that you're
not welcome here I think that's the
message that we're sending to people
that have contributed so much to our
medium and our industry and in ways that
we benefit from I don't think anybody
wants a handout or preferential
treatment although that's what we give
ourselves every year I think that people
just want to be acknowledged and
appreciated and respected for for their
work this is not a self-righteous
condemnation because I'm ashamed to say
that I'm part of the problem I have not
done everything in my power to ensure
that the stuff I work on are inclusive
but I think that it's more than just
having sets that are multicultural I
think that we have to really do the hard
work to truly understand systemic racism
I I think that it is the obligation of
the people that have created and
perpetuate and benefit from a system of
oppression to be the ones that dismantle
it so that's on us
[Music]
you